[Do not merge] Add a new guide "Get Docker" (#20129)
docker/docs: content/guides/docker-concepts/getting-started/whats-next.md

---
title: What's next 
keywords: concepts, build, images, container, docker desktop

> description: The following sections provide a step-by-step guide to understanding core Docker concepts, building images and running containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Explore step-by-step guides to hep you understand core Docker concepts, building images, and running containers.
```

notoc: true

the-basics:

> - title: What is a container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- title: What is a container?
```

  description: Learn how to run your first container.
  link: /guides/docker-concepts/the-basics/what-is-a-container/

> - title: What is an image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- title: What is an image?
```

  description: Learn the basics of image layers. 
  link: /guides/docker-concepts/the-basics/what-is-an-image/

> - title: What is a registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- title: What is a registry?
```

>   description: Learn about container registries, explore their interoperability, and have you interact with registries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Learn about container registries, explore their interoperability, and interact with registries. 
```

  link: /guides/docker-concepts/the-basics/what-is-a-registry/

> - title: What is Docker Compose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- title: What is Docker Compose?
```

  description: Gain a better understanding of Docker Compose.
  link: /guides/docker-concepts/the-basics/what-is-docker-compose/

building-images:
- title: Understanding image layers 

>   description: Learn about the layers of container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Learn about the layers of container images.
```

  link: /guides/docker-concepts/building-images/understanding-image-layers/
- title: Writing a Dockerfile

>   description: Learn how to create image using Dockerfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Learn how to create an image using a Dockerfile.
```

  link: /guides/docker-concepts/building-images/writing-a-dockerfile/
- title: Build, tag and publish an image
  description: Learn how to build, tag, and publish an image to Docker Hub or any other registry.
  link: /guides/docker-concepts/building-images/build-tag-and-publish-an-image/
- title: Using the build cache

>   description: Learn about the build cache, what changes invalidate the cache and how to effectively use the build cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Learn about the build cache, what changes invalidate the cache, and how to effectively use the build cache.
```

  link: /guides/docker-concepts/building-images/using-the-build-cache/
- title: Multi-stage builds

>   description: Get a better understanding of Multi-stage builds and its benefits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Get a better understanding of multi-stage builds and their benefits.
```

  link: /guides/docker-concepts/building-images/multi-stage-builds/

running-containers:
- title: Publishing ports
  description: Understand the significance of publishing and exposing ports in Docker.
  link: /guides/docker-concepts/running-containers/publishing-ports/
- title: Overriding container defaults
  description: Learn how to override the container defaults using the `docker run` command.
  link: /guides/docker-concepts/running-containers/overriding-container-defaults/
- title: Persisting container data
  description: Learn the significance of data persistence in Docker.
  link: /guides/docker-concepts/running-containers/persisting-container-data/
- title: Sharing local files with containers
  description: Explore the various storage options available in Docker and their common usage.
  link: /guides/docker-concepts/running-containers/sharing-local-files/
- title: Multi-container applications

>   description: Learn the significance of multi-container application and how it is different from single-container application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Learn the significance of multi-container applications and how they're different from single-container applications.
```

  link: /guides/docker-concepts/running-containers/multi-container-applications/
---

> The following sections provide a step-by-step guide to understanding core Docker concepts, building images and running containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections provide step-by-step guides to help you understand core Docker concepts, building images, and running containers.
```

> ## The Basics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The basics
```
```suggestion
## The Basics
```

Get started learning the core concepts of containers, images, registries, and Docker Compose.

{{< grid items="the-basics" >}}

## Building images

> Craft optimized container images with Dockerfiles, build cache and Multi-stage builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Craft optimized container images with Dockerfiles, build cache, and multi-stage builds.
```
```suggestion
Craft optimized container images with Dockerfiles, build cache and Multi-stage builds.
```

{{< grid items="building-images" >}}

## Running containers

> Master essential techniques for exposing ports, overriding defaults, persisting data, sharing files and managing multi-container applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Master essential techniques for exposing ports, overriding defaults, persisting data, sharing files, and managing multi-container applications.
```
